Updates for CCPP version 7 release (#73)
NCAR/ccpp-doc: CCPPtechnical/source/Overview.rst

This suite features Thompson Aerosol-Aware microphysics, MYNN-EDMF PBL physics, `Grell-Freitas deep convection <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_c_u__g_f.html>`_, RRTMG radiation, MYNN SFL, the `Orographic Drag Scheme <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_g_f_s_drag_suite.html>`_ for gravity waves, and the `Rapid Update Cycle (RUC) Land Surface Model <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_r_u_c_l_s_m.html>`_.

In addition to the supported schemes listed above, there are several suites being used in various supported UFS applications, such as the UFS SRW Application and HAFS. While the CCPP team does not actively support these suites, support may be available from those respective applications where those suites are used.

.. [#] As of this writing, the CCPP is used and regularly tested with three host models: the CCPP
    SCM, the atmospheric component of NOAA’s Unified Forecast System (UFS) (hereafter the UFS Atmosphere) that utilizes

>     the Finite-Volume Cubed Sphere (FV3) dynamical core, and the The Navy Environmental Prediction System Using the NUMA Core (NEPTUNE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the Finite-Volume Cubed Sphere (FV3) dynamical core, and the Navy Environmental Prediction sysTem Using a Nonhydrostatic Engine (NEPTUNE).
```

Reviewer: The acronym was updated a while ago

and https://dtcenter.org/community-code/common-community-physics-package-ccpp).

The table below lists all parameterizations supported in CCPP public releases and the

> `CCPP Scientific Documentation <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/index.html>`_

Reviewer 2: After

> the DTC works with EMC and its sponsors to determine :term:`schemes <scheme>`
> and suites to be included and supported. 

I suggest including the criteria for inclusion discussed at the October 2023 CCPP Physics Code Mgmt Meeting (Slide 3 [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13QwMEIK3ak6XNi6cLb0FY_vunuVoqiCX/edit#slide=id.g29139aabcfb_1_7)). You may also want to repeat/refer to this information in Chapter 9. 

- The scheme is sufficiently different from schemes already in the repository.
- The scheme is desired by an organization participating in the funding of CCPP or the scheme’s development and/or testing is a funded project of a CCPP-sponsor organization.
- The scheme can be compiled/run with some CCPP-compliant host model.
- Ideally, the scheme is regression tested using at least one host model.
- The scheme is documented and (ideally) published with scientific results.
- The scheme has developer support, or at least a point-of-contact for reviewing code changes.

Reviewer: same here, check if the p in the version is correct please

The WoFS_v0 suite has been used by the `Warn-on-Forecast System (WoFS) <https://wof.nssl.noaa.gov/>`_ project at the National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) for real-time and potential future operational high-resolution modeling products.
This suite features `NSSL 2-moment <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_n_s_s_l_m_i_c_r_o_page.html>`_ microphysics, `Mellor-Yamada-Nakanishi-Niino (MYNN) eddy diffusivity-mass flux (EDMF) <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_m_y_n_n_e_d_m_f.html>`_ PBL, RRTMG radiation, `MYNN surface layer (SFL) <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_s_f_c__m_y_n_n_s_f_l.html>`_ scheme, CIRES uGWD, and Noah-MP land surface (it does not feature convective parameterization).

Finally, the HRRR_gf suite was developed for use with prototypes of the `Rapid Refresh Forecast System (RRFS) <https://www.emc.ncep.noaa.gov/users/emc.campara/rrfs/>`_, and is similar to the physics used in the operational High-Resolution Rapid Refresh (HRRR) model physics package except with the implementation of deep convective parameterization.

> This suite features Thompson Aerosol-Aware microphysics, MYNN-EDMF PBL physics, `Grell-Freitas deep convection <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_c_u__g_f.html>`_, RRTMG radiation, MYNN SFL, the `Global Systems Laboratory (GSL) <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_g_f_s_drag_suite.html>`_ gravity wave drag scheme, and the `Rapid Update Cycle (RUC) Land Surface Model <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_r_u_c_l_s_m.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: GSL drag scheme is now called Orographic Drag Scheme (see https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_g_f_s_drag_suite.html)

The CCPP v4.1 release, issued in October 2020, was a minor
upgrade with the capability to build the code using Python 3 (previously only Python 2
was supported).

The CCPP v5.0 release, issued in February 2021, was a major
upgrade to enable use with the UFS Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application and the RRFS_v1alpha suite.

The CCPP v6.0 release, issued in June 2022, was a major upgrade in conjunction with the `UFS SRW v2.0 release <https://ufscommunity.org/announcing-the-ufs-short-range-weather-application-srw-app-v2-0-0-release/>`_.

> The CCPP v7.0 release, issued in August 2024, was a major upgrade to physics and the Single-Column Model, particularly with the inclusion of the new `UFS Replay <https://ccpp-scm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/chap_cases.html#using-ufs-output-to-create-scm-cases-ufs-replay>`_ capability for running the SCM from UFS output.

Reviewer 2: We have moved away from the terminology "UFS Replay" to avoid giving the impression that SCM will produce same results as UFS. We not use the terminology "Case Generator".
